Adding function runner info command (#6541)
Shopify/cli: .changeset/hungry-ravens-sip.md

---

> '@shopify/app': patch

Author: I kept it as patch because its a hidden internal command, which shouldn't matter to users.

---

> Added shopify app function info command to display function run arguments.

Reviewer: Nit: Since this is user facing, we could frame it as the improvement to the experience. 

```suggestion
Added a `function info` command to display function information.
```
